azurerm_kubernetes_cluster: support private_dns_zone_id with service_principal (#10737)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `private_dns_zone_id` - (Optional) Either the ID of Private DNS Zone which should be delegated to this Cluster, or `System` to have AKS manage this.

> -> **NOTE:** If you use BYO DNS Zone, AKS cluster should either use a service principal, or an identity type `UserAssigned` with `Private DNS Zone Contributor` role assigned to this identity for the zone. If `UserAssigned` identity is used - to prevent improper resource order destruction - cluster should depend on the role assignment, like in this example:

Reviewer: support for Service Principals within AKS is deprecated and will be removed at some point in the future - so it'd be worth de-emphasising them here tbh

```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** If you use BYO DNS Zone, AKS cluster should either use a User Assigned Identity or a service principal (which is deprecated) with the `Private DNS Zone Contributor` role and access to this Private DNS Zone. If `UserAssigned` identity is used - to prevent improper resource order destruction - cluster should depend on the role assignment, like in this example:
```
